# packages in environment at /Users/david/miniconda3/envs/hf_gpu:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
aiohappyeyeballs          2.4.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.11.9          py311h4921393_0    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
altair                    5.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
annotated-types           0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
anyio                     4.9.0              pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
apscheduler               3.11.0             pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
asttokens                 3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
async-timeout             4.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     24.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
aws-c-auth                0.8.7                h771b9f8_1    conda-forge
aws-c-cal                 0.8.7                hf78e982_1    conda-forge
aws-c-common              0.12.1               h5505292_0    conda-forge
aws-c-compression         0.3.1                h2da6199_3    conda-forge
aws-c-event-stream        0.5.4                hc8cef5c_3    conda-forge
aws-c-http                0.9.5                h7ae4978_0    conda-forge
aws-c-io                  0.17.0               hda12475_8    conda-forge
aws-c-mqtt                0.12.2               hd618802_3    conda-forge
aws-c-s3                  0.7.13               hb321cbc_3    conda-forge
aws-c-sdkutils            0.2.3                h2da6199_3    conda-forge
aws-checksums             0.2.3                h2da6199_3    conda-forge
aws-crt-cpp               0.31.1               hf6bcbf0_1    conda-forge
aws-sdk-cpp               1.11.510             hbf97231_4    conda-forge
azure-core-cpp            1.14.0               hd50102c_0    conda-forge
azure-identity-cpp        1.10.0               hc602bab_0    conda-forge
azure-storage-blobs-cpp   12.13.0              h7585a09_1    conda-forge
azure-storage-common-cpp  12.8.0               h9ca1f76_1    conda-forge
azure-storage-files-datalake-cpp 12.12.0              hcdd55da_1    conda-forge
blinker                   1.9.0              pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py311h3f08180_2    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h99b78c6_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.34.4               h5505292_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.1.31            hf0a4a13_0    conda-forge
cachetools                5.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2025.1.31          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.17.1          py311h3a79f62_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
click                     8.1.8              pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
codecarbon                1.2.0                 py37_plus    codecarbon
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
comm                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dash                      2.18.2             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
dash-bootstrap-components 1.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dataclasses-json          0.6.7              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
datasets                  2.21.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.8.9           py311h155a34a_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
dill                      0.3.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
distro                    1.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
editables                 0.5                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
executing                 2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
filelock                  3.16.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
fire                      0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flask                     3.1.0              pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hadb7bae_2    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.5.0           py311hae2e1ce_0    conda-forge
fsspec                    2024.3.1           pyhca7485f_0    conda-forge
gflags                    2.2.2             hf9b8971_1005    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.2                h93a5062_0    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.12             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.44             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
glog                      0.7.1                heb240a5_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                h7bae524_2    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.1.5           py311hb5ce3a2_2    conda-forge
greenlet                  3.1.1           py311h155a34a_1    conda-forge
h11                       0.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
h2                        4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
hatchling                 1.27.0           pypyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hpack                     4.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
httpcore                  1.0.7              pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
httpx                     0.28.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
httpx-sse                 0.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
huggingface_hub           0.26.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
idna                      3.10               pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        8.5.0              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.29.5             pyh57ce528_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.30.0             pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
itsdangerous              2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jiter                     0.9.0           py311h3ff9189_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jsonpatch                 1.33               pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jsonpointer               3.0.0           py311h267d04e_1    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.23.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2024.10.1          pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.2              pyh31011fe_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h237132a_0    conda-forge
langchain                 0.3.21          pymin39_hff2d567_0    conda-forge
langchain-community       0.3.20          pymin39_hff2d567_0    conda-forge
langchain-core            0.3.48             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
langchain-huggingface     0.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
langchain-ollama          0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
langchain-text-splitters  0.3.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
langgraph                 0.3.18             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
langgraph-checkpoint      2.0.21             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
langgraph-prebuilt        0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
langgraph-sdk             0.1.58             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
langsmith                 0.2.11             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 ha0e7c42_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h9a09cb3_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20250127.1      cxx17_h07bc746_0    conda-forge
libarrow                  19.0.1           hd4a375f_7_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-acero            19.0.1           hf07054f_7_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-dataset          19.0.1           hf07054f_7_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-substrait        19.0.1           he749cb8_7_cpu    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           17_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hd74edd7_2    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hd74edd7_2    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hd74edd7_2    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           17_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                hbdafb3b_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.13.0               h73640d1_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    19.1.5               ha82da77_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.22                 hd74edd7_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         hc8eb9b7_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h93a5062_2    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.12               h2757513_1    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.4                h286801f_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h3422bc3_5    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           13_2_0_hd922786_3    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               hf226fd6_3    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud           2.36.0               h9484b08_1    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud-storage   2.36.0               h7081f7f_1    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.71.0               hf667ad3_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h0d3ecfb_2    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hb547adb_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           17_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.6.3                h39f12f2_0    conda-forge
liblzma-devel             5.6.3                h39f12f2_0    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.64.0               h6d7220d_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.23          openmp_hc731615_0    conda-forge
libopentelemetry-cpp      1.20.0               h0181452_0    conda-forge
libopentelemetry-cpp-headers 1.20.0               hce30654_0    conda-forge
libparquet                19.0.1           h636d7b7_7_cpu    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.44               hc14010f_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               5.29.3               hccd9074_0    conda-forge
libre2-11                 2024.07.02           hd41c47c_3    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.20               h99b78c6_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.47.0               hbaaea75_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.1               h9cc3647_0    conda-forge
libthrift                 0.21.0               h64651cc_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.0                hfce79cd_1    conda-forge
libutf8proc               2.10.0               hda25de7_0    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.4.0                h54798ee_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                h93a5062_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               hdb1d25a_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.13.5               h376fa9f_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                h8359307_2    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               14.0.6               hc6e5704_0  
lz4-c                     1.10.0               h286801f_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                3.0.2           py311h4921393_1    conda-forge
marshmallow               3.26.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mpc                       1.3.1                h8f1351a_1    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                hb693164_3    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
msgpack-python            1.1.0           py311h2c37856_0    conda-forge
multidict                 6.1.0           py311h30e7462_1    conda-forge
multiprocess              0.70.17         py311hae2e1ce_0    conda-forge
mypy_extensions           1.0.0              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
narwhals                  1.26.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h7bae524_1    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
networkx                  3.4.2              pyh267e887_2    conda-forge
nlohmann_json             3.11.3               h00cdb27_1    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py311h7125741_0    conda-forge
nvidia-ml-py              12.570.86          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ollama                    0.4.7                    pypi_0    pypi
openai                    1.68.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h9f1df11_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.4.1                h81ee809_0    conda-forge
orc                       2.1.1                hd90e43c_1    conda-forge
orjson                    3.10.15         py311h3ff9189_0    conda-forge
packaging                 24.2               pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.3           py311h9cb3ce9_1    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pathspec                  0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5           pyhd8ed1ab_1004    conda-forge
pillow                    11.0.0          py311h3894ae9_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.3.1             pyh8b19718_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.3.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
plotly                    6.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
prometheus-cpp            1.3.0                h0967b3e_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.48             pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
propcache                 0.2.0           py311h460d6c5_2    conda-forge
protobuf                  5.29.3          py311hefd7b12_0    conda-forge
psutil                    6.1.0           py311hae2e1ce_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hd74edd7_1002    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
py-cpuinfo                9.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pyarrow                   19.0.1          py311ha1ab1f8_0    conda-forge
pyarrow-core              19.0.1          py311he04fa90_0_cpu    conda-forge
pyarrow-hotfix            0.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pydantic                  2.10.1             pyh10f6f8f_0    conda-forge
pydantic-core             2.27.1          py311h2aea54e_0  
pydantic-settings         2.8.1              pyh3cfb1c2_0    conda-forge
pydeck                    0.9.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pymupdf                   1.25.4                   pypi_0    pypi
pynvml                    12.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha55dd90_7    conda-forge
python                    3.11.10         hc51fdd5_3_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhff2d567_1    conda-forge
python-dotenv             1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
python-xxhash             3.5.0           py311h460d6c5_1    conda-forge
python_abi                3.11                    5_cp311    conda-forge
pytorch                   2.6.0.dev20241112        py3.11_0    pytorch-nightly
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.2           py311h460d6c5_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     26.2.0          py311h730b646_3    conda-forge
re2                       2024.07.02           h6589ca4_3    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h92ec313_1    conda-forge
referencing               0.36.2             pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
regex                     2024.11.6       py311h917b07b_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
requests-toolbelt         1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
retrying                  1.3.3              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.24.0          py311hc9d6b66_0    conda-forge
safetensors               0.4.5           py311h481aa64_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
scipy                     1.15.1                   pypi_0    pypi
sentence-transformers     3.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                75.6.0             pyhff2d567_1    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
smmap                     5.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.2.1                hd02b534_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
sqlalchemy                2.0.39          py311h917b07b_1    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
streamlit                 1.44.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sympy                     1.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
tenacity                  9.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
termcolor                 2.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.13               h5083fa2_1    conda-forge
tokenizers                0.20.1          py311hac6c8b7_1  
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tomli                     2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
torchaudio                2.5.0.dev20241118       py311_cpu    pytorch-nightly
torchvision               0.20.0.dev20241118       py311_cpu    pytorch-nightly
tornado                   6.4.2           py311h917b07b_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.67.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
transformers              4.46.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trove-classifiers         2025.1.15.22       pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.12.2               hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.12.2             pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
typing_inspect            0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024b                hc8b5060_0    conda-forge
tzlocal                   5.3             py311h267d04e_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
watchdog                  6.0.0           py311h917b07b_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
werkzeug                  3.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.45.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd74edd7_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hd74edd7_0    conda-forge
xxhash                    0.8.2                hb547adb_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.6.3                h9a6d368_0    conda-forge
xz-gpl-tools              5.6.3                h9a6d368_0    conda-forge
xz-tools                  5.6.3                h39f12f2_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h3422bc3_2    conda-forge
yarl                      1.18.0          py311h917b07b_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                hc1bb282_7    conda-forge
zipp                      3.21.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
zlib                      1.3.1                h8359307_2    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.23.0          py311h917b07b_1    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.7                h6491c7d_2    conda-forge
